RESUME 
UAE Certified Registered Allied Health Care Professional 
HASHIM KHAN 
Villa No.4 street No.6 
Al Nasareya Sharjah 
Mob No.0563740251 
0565083448 
OBJECTTIVES: 
Seeking the challenging position in any dynamic Health care organization in 
UAE to get more exposure and where my education and skills as a Surgical 
Technician in the practical filed have profound impact in the growth and 
productivity of the organization and as well as my personal growth 
opportunities to enhance skill and knowledge to the next level. 
To play the positive and active role as allied health worker for upholding the 
society and the related individuals. 
To accepts the challenging position in organization and grows on the basis of 
my personal abilities and to provide effective and efficient services to the best 
of my knowledge to and organization and want to become successful and result 
oriented person. 
PERSONAL DATA: 
Full Name 
Date of birth 
N.I.C 
Passport 
Emirates ID 
Nationality: 
Religion: 
Sex 
Marital Status 
VISA Status 
Email Add 
Driving License 
: Hashim Khan Jadoon 
:06 Feb 2001 
:13101-0934571-3 
:AF8405711 
: 784-2001-9772924-5 
: Pakistani 
: Islam 
: Male 
: Single 
: Employment 
: jadoonkhan587@gmail.com, jadoon.atd29@gmail.com 
: Sharjah Police 
ACDAMIC QUALIFICATION: 
Qualification 
Matric SSC 
Intermediate F.SC 
Diploma Surgical Tech 
YEAR 
2016 
2018 
2021 
Board /University
 B.I.S.E
 Abbottabad
 B.I.S.E
 Abbottabad
 Frontier Institute
 of 
Medical
 Certified Registered Allied Health Care Professional 
Sciences
 Abbottabad 
DHA ID: 12793132 – Allied Health-Technician (Operation Theatre Technology) 
DHA (Dubai Health Authority) registered. 
MOHAP ID REF:302101-Allied Health-Technician (Operation Theatre Technology) 
MOHAP Registered (Allow to Work all Health facilities under MOHAP) 
RegistrationNumber:2018/MF/FIMS/ATD/ST/FS/15 
Issuing Authority: 
(FPAHS).
 Govt.ofKhyberPakhtunkhwaFaculty of Paramedical
 PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE: 
Organization: Kabul Specialty Medical Center (Sharjah)
 Designation: Operation Theatre Technician
 Duration: March 2024 to till Date 
Task Accomplish Include: - 
and Allied Health Sciences 
Working as OT technician from last one year almost, during my duty I assist the 
doctor for daily surgeries, due to located in industrial area mostly injured patients 
coming every day, mostly my duties, Stitching, Patient wound dressing, home patient 
wound dressing, Bandage replacement and keep all instruments clean and sterilized 
Organization: GILANI HOSPITAL COMPLEX (Abbottabad, Pakistan) 
Designation: surgical technician + orthopedic plaster technician  
Duration: Two Year 
1. Closed Reduction
 2. POP Cast
 3. POP Back Slab
 4. Hip Spica 
5. Shoulder Spica 
6. U-Slab Application (Humerus / Elbow fractures
 7. Long Leg Slab 
8. Short Leg Slab 
9. Above Elbow Slab 
10. Below Elbow Slab
Task Accomplish Include: 
During the job I was working as a Surgical OT Technician 
AssisttheDoctors withwell manners in operationtheater by handing them needed
 instruments during surgery and supply of equipment’s and supply of drugs to anesthetist
 The preparation of operation theater includes preparation of equipment and the patient for 
surgery. 
Assist in the preparation of patient prior to surgery pre-operative shave, patient
 positioning
 Responsible for monitoring the patient during the procedure as well as cleaning and 
sterilizing the operating theatre after the surgery has been completed. 
After operations, transferring patient to the recovery room and ensure safe transfer of 
patient form operating room to ward or other unit. 
He is responsible to ensure that all the equipment working properly. 
Conducting regular maintenance as needed and troubleshooting any issues that arise. 
He also ensures that all safety protocols are followed and the OT is clean and sanitary. 
He is also responsible for stocking supplies 
Reports malfunctioning equipment’s. 
Organization: DHQ Hospital Abbottabad
 Designation: OT Technician Duration:
 Six Month Internship 
Task Accomplish Include: - 
(Pakistan) 
Working as OT Technician as interne six month I learn practical knowledgein
 different departments of the hospital this is the best experience for my carrierasOT
 Technician I work as interne in the big District Hospital. 
Hobbies and Interests: 
Learning, reading, Driving, Football and curiosity in new a matter. 